Sieve Mail Filtering Language (sieve)
-------------------------------------
Current Status: Active
Last updated: 2010-05-07

Chairs:
Cyrus Daboo <cyrus@daboo.name>
Aaron Stone <aaron@serendipity.cx>

Applications Area Directors:
Alexey Melnikov <alexey.melnikov@isode.com>
Peter Saint-Andre <stpeter@stpeter.im>

Applications Area Advisor:
Alexey Melnikov <alexey.melnikov@isode.com>

Mailing Lists:
General Discussion: sieve@ietf.org
To Subscribe: sieve-request@ietf.org
Archive:
http://www.ietf.org/mail-archive/web/sieve/current/maillist.html

Description of Working Group:

The SIEVE email filtering language is specified in RFC 5228, together
with a number of extensions.

The SIEVE working group is being re-chartered to:

(1) Finish work on existing in-progress Working Group documents:
(a) External lists (draft-ietf-sieve-external-lists)
(b) Notify SIP (draft-ietf-sieve-notify-sip-message)
(c) RegEx (draft-ietf-sieve-regex)
(d) Include/multi-script (draft-ietf-sieve-include)
(e) Sieve in IMAP (draft-ietf-sieve-imap-sieve)

(2) Finalize and publish the following SIEVE extensions as proposed
standards:
(a) General Auto-reply (draft-george-sieve-autoreply)
(b) Notify presence (draft-george-sieve-notify-presence)
(c) Vacation time (draft-george-sieve-vacation-time)
(d) Convert messages (draft-melnikov-sieve-convert)

Additional drafts may be added to this list, but only via a charter
revision. There must also be demonstrable willingness in the SIEVE
development community to actually implement a given extension before it
can be added to this charter.

(3) Work on a specification for iCalendar and vCard extraction, and
cooperate with the VCARDDAV WG for address book tests in Sieve.

(4) Work on a specification to describe how EAI/IDN issues should be
handled in SIEVE.

(5) Work on a "Benefits of SIEVE" guide for client and server vendors
that:
(a) Describes the SIEVE protocol and its suite of extensions.
(b) Explains the benefits of server-side filtering in practical terms.
(c) Shows how client-side filtering can be migrated to SIEVE.

(6) Produce one or more informational RFCs containing a set of test
scripts and test email messages that are to be filtered by the scripts,
and the expected results of that filtering. This will serve as the basis
of a interoperability test suite to help determine the suitability of
moving the base specification and selected extensions to Draft status.


Goals and Milestones:
Done - Submit revised variables draft.
Done - Submit revised vacation draft.
Done - WG last call for variables draft.
Done - Initial submission of RFC 3028bis.
Done - WG last call for RFC 3028bis.
Done - Initial submission of revised relational draft.
Done - Initial submission of revised subaddress draft.
Done - Initial submission of revised spamtest/virustest draft.
Done - Submit revised editheader draft.
Done - Submit revised imapflags draft.
Done - WG last call of revised subaddress draft.
Done - Submit revised body test draft.
Done - Submit revised reject before delivery draft.
Done - WG last call for editheader draft.
Done - WG last call for body test draft.
Done - WG last call for refuse draft
Done - WG last call of revised spamtest draft
Done - Submit variables draft to IESG
Done - Submit revised loop draft
Done - Submit revised notification action draft
Done - WG last call of revised relational draft
Done - WG last call for imap-flags draft
Done - WG last call for vacation draft
Done - WG last call of revised subaddress draft
Done - Submit revised relational draft to IESG
Done - Submit vacation draft to IESG
Done - Submit revised subaddress draft to IESG
Done - Submit imapflags draft to IESG
Done - Submit revised spamtest draft to IESG
Done - Submit 3028bis to IESG
Done - Submit editheader draft to IESG
Done - Submit body test draft to IESG
Done - WG last call for notification action draft
Done - Submit notification action draft to IESG
Done - Submit refuse-reject to IESG
Done - Submit notify-mailto to IESG
Done - Submit mime-loops to IESG
Done - WGLC iHave
Done - WGLC Notary
Done - Submit iHave to IESG
Done - Submit Notary to IESG
Done - WGLC sieve-in-xml
Done - Submit sieve-in-xml to IESG
Done - WGLC ManageSIEVE
Done - Submit ManageSIEVE to IESG
Done - WGLC Notify-sip
Done - WGLC Metadata
Done - Submit Metadata to IESG
Done - Publish refuse/reject - RFC 5429
Done - Publish notify base spec - RFC 5435
Done - Publish notify mailto extension - RFC 5436
Done - Publish notify xmpp extension - RFC 5437
Done - Publish ihave - RFC 5463
Done - Publish meta-data - RFC 5490
Done - Publish mime loops - RFC 5703
Done - Publish Sieve in XML - RFC 5784
Done - Revised RegEx draft
Apr 2010 - Revised Include/multi-script draft
Apr 2010 - WGLC external-lists
May 2010 - WGLC Include/multi-script
May 2010 - Submit external-lists to IESG
Jun 2010 - Submit Include/multi-script to IESG
Jun 2010 - WGLC Notify-SIP
Jul 2010 - Initial eai-issues draft
Jul 2010 - Submit Notify-SIP to IESG
Aug 2010 - WGLC RegEx
Aug 2010 - Initial test-scripts draft
Aug 2010 - Initial benefits draft
Sep 2010 - Submit RegEx to IESG
Oct 2010 - WGLC eai-issues
Nov 2010 - Submit eai-issues to IESG
Nov 2010 - WGLC benefits
Jan 2011 - Submit benefits to IESG
Mar 2011 - WGLC test-scripts
Apr 2011 - Submit test-scripts to IESG